Add install instruction for plain Vim 8 (#1042)
davidhalter/jedi-vim: README.rst

Manual installation
-------------------

> The plugin uses `git` submodules to fetch latest version of Jedi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin uses `git` submodules to fetch the vendored versions of Jedi.
```
(I've figured it would be better to not include details about "and its dependencies (parso)")

To install using standard Vim 8 plugin system:

.. code-block:: sh

    mkdir -p ~/.vim/pack/git-plugins/start

>     git clone --recursive https://github.com/davidhalter/jedi-vim.git ~/.vim/pack/git-plugins/start/jedi-vim

Reviewer: btw: do you know if there is a preferred/recommended way to update Vim packages?

Reviewer 2: no :D

Reviewer: @abitrolly do you know?  How do you keep them updated?

(as for me: I am using vim-plug basically, but given the amount of local changes I still update them manually in general, i.e. by updating/merging into the Git checkout)

Author: I update with plain `git`.
```
git -C ~/.vim/pack/git-plugins/start/jedi-vim up
```

Or you might want to use `pathogen <https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen>`_ or

> `Vundle <https://github.com/gmarik/vundle>`_ to install jedi-vim.

Reviewer: We can merge this with the rest to only include instructions for vim-plug then.

Reviewer: @abitrolly what do you think?  Should I/we go ahead and do so here?

Author: I am not a user of `vim` plugin managers, so won't rely on my opinion towards them.
